[Applause]
[Music]
These days criminals are fearless in Bihar and
Nitish Kumar is lost in his politics.
We are saying this because
31 murders have taken place in Bihar in the last 12 days.
From common people to businessmen, everyone is being
murdered.  The way
crime related news is coming out from Bihar every day.  It seems as if the
criminals have
no fear of the government and law and order.  The latest case
came to light from Ber police station area of ​​Patna.
Here, the body of ICICI Lawboard manager Abhishek
Varun was recovered from Hasanpur village of Ber police station area.
Due to which sensation spread in the area.
Questions started arising whether this was also a murder
or an accident.
Police have also recovered Abhishek's scooter.
During this time, his slippers were found in the field
which confirmed his identity.  Abhishek was working as a manager in the
ICICI Bank branch in Kankarbagh area of ​​Patna.  The
police
also found CCTV footage of the day of the incident in which Abhishek is
seen going alone on a scooter at 10:48 pm.
In the CCTV footage, he is
seen in an inebriated state after which his body is
recovered from a well.  After finding the body, Beur police
station reaches the spot and
starts investigation.  Dog squad and FSL
team were called to the spot to
collect evidence.  A thorough investigation is being conducted to find out whether it is murder or an
accident.
At present, the police is considering it suspicious and is
not ruling out the possibility of murder.
Initially, it is suspected that the death was due to falling into the well.
But the
clues found at the spot indicate
that this may not just be an accident but
also a murder.  On Sunday night, Abhishek had
gone to a party in Ramakrishna Nagar area with his family.  Although his
wife and children returned home after 10:00 pm,
Abhishek stayed there.  At around
1:00 in the night, he called his wife and told her that
he had met with an accident.  After this his
mobile phone was also getting switched off.  Due to which the
family's worries increased.  Despite waiting the whole night,
Abhishek did not return home.  After which
his wife lodged a case in Kankar Bagh police station.
After which Abhishek's
body was recovered from a well.  The police is
also now busy investigating the call details and CCTV footage of Abhishek's mobile.  Listen to
what DSP Sushil Kumar said on this entire matter.
Abhishek Varun ji lived in Malahi Pagdi of Kankar Bagh.  On the
13th, he had gone to this Ganpati Utsav
Hall which is in Kankad Bagh.
From there he left on a scooter at around 10:00 pm.  I
spoke to his family members over the phone till 3:00 am.  And
after that, when he did not return home, a
missing person case was registered in Kankar Bagh police station on 14th.
This morning it was discovered that
a well near the farm in Hasanpura was
dry.  The body and the scooter are lying in it.
SL team has been called.  Dog
squad team has also been called.
Investigations are being conducted on all points.  Sir, what do you think,
murder or suicide?   It's too
early to say this.  Let the body
come out now.  After that,
recently on July 4, businessman Gopal
Khemka was shot dead.
Then on July 4 itself, a triple murder took place in Siwan.
Then on July 6, the school
operator was shot dead in Patna.  Then on
July 6, Anu Paswan and
Himanshu Kumar of Nalanda were also shot dead.
Then on July 10,
sand
trader Ramakant Yadav was shot
dead in the Rani Talab police station area of ​​Paliganj, Patna.  Then on July 11,
Mat owner Vikram Jha was also shot dead in the East Ashok Chak area in Ramakrishna Nagar police station area.
During this period,
31 murders have taken place in Bihar in about 12 to 13 days.
After which many
questions are bound to arise on the Bihar government.  Navbharat Times
report.
[music]